They didn't do anything to you, did they?
Tingting, why are you here?
I'm here to see Gu
The happy news of the cooperation between the Xu two families
Yes, Wang Mingxuan
Put your plan just now
Demonstrate it to Mr. Gu again
Ok, no problem.
Since you said you did the planning
Then what are the details of it?
You must know everything.
Yes
Ah!
Then I ask you the third page of the PPT
How many lines are there?
No.13
Uh no uh
No. 11 is wrong.
It's the tenth, because you have obsessive-compulsive disorder in the transaction.
He thought the 10-line projection was the best.
You don't even know how many lines of PowerPoint there are
And the face to say you did it
Yunting, how do you know that Jiang Yun has no words?
Jiang Yining used to be my secretary
Of course I know.
Although you are an employee of Xu's
But my story is not vegetarian
Want to kill you
Easy
Mr. Gu is the wrong case that I plagiarized the wine
Please forgive me.
This time it's really because
I was just trying to scare you
Even if you have the guts, you don't dare to attack
Say
Who is behind the scenes?
What are you still doing?
Drag him out for me
You get in there
Thank you. Thank you.
Xiaotian is my obsession
My final plan
I'm old and young
I can't live without any work
Please quickly beg Mr. Gu
Hurry up and open a village entrance
What you do by yourself is borne by yourself
No no no
I must still ask you about this.
I believe I can ask you to help me